What does a guy who's in Malcolm X now you can see that we have added a new subdomain name as freedom
complete of course dotcom.
This route is under subdomains slash as street complete.
Of course dot com.
What I have to do is just sit files and it will take me to the new file spaceborne I have to move to
the file manager.
OK here it is.
After just click it and it'll take me to the file manager.
But I have to just add that file.
Sorry the Wordpress file.
I'm going to go to the subdomains right here and here should be my subdomain name.
Ok here is what I have to do.
I have to just upload the press file.
I'm just going to click here and I'm going to hit select File.
I'm going to go to the document slash downloads and then here should be the compress and then the word
press for point named poem 1.
I'm just going to hit this.
And here is the word pressed on file.
I'm just going to click here and you can see that this WordPress file is being uploaded right now.
So let's wait till this is uploaded.
OK and here we go you can see that WordPress is a bloated.
I'm just going to go back to my main page and there we go.
I'm going to click here and here it says the X-Rite.
I'm just going to hit this and it can see Tay's extract files.
I'm going to extract files and it's gonna extract the files.
I'm just going to hit close right now and I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit refresh right
now so you can see this is coming.
Everything is coming right here.
I'm going to click this and I'm going to just right click here and I'm going to hit delete.
Script trash and delete and confirm and you can see it has been deleted.
Let's see if our Web site is running.
I'm going to click as freedom complete W.P. course dot com.
And let's see if this is running so.
So it is giving 3:46 page not found.
We have to wait for some time like five minutes or 10 minutes not more than that and when it is done
I'll be back some disposing my body right now.
So here it's been like more than 10 minutes a thing.
Let's go ahead and let's see if everything looks good right here.
OK this is done.
So here I have just select the English United States.
I'm going to hit continue and it's going to take me to the new page right here.
I'm going to hit let's go.
And I have to enter the database name and everything.
I'm going to go back to my database here.
I'm going to select de-mining sequel database and am going to close this when re here and this as well.
OK now here what I have to do I have to copy this database name.
I have to just come up and I have to paste it right here.
OK seemed like this I have to copy the database username and then I have to paste it right here and
now I'm pausing the video so I'll just enter the password right now and then.
Until the database host database prefix should be Lupi s 3.
Ok don't leave it as W.P. because we have we are installing so many databases into it and leave the
database host to be local host then we have to enter the password time just pausing you right now I'll
just enter the password and then I will hit submit.
OK here we go.
All right sparky.
You've made through the part of installation price can now communicate with your database.
If you're ready.
Time now to run the installation.
And here we go.
Now we have to enter the site titles musée title is The name is going to be a business.
I want to create a business say so I'll be just choosing next
door events.
So I want to create a web site for this.
OK I'm just done with this.
OK what I have to do I have the Choose the user name.
Ok so my user name is going to be this and my password should be hidden and I'm going to enter the password
right now.
And now I have to enter the email address and I have to just I'm not discouraging the search engine.
Why would I.
OK I'm just going to click install Wordpress and now you can see that WordPress should be installed
right now.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit.
Log in.
And now you can see that I'll be checking into the logon page.
And now here I have to enter the username and then I have to enter the password re here.
And lotted log in and I can see that here we are in the luggin section and now here in the next video
will be working with the main stuff and then we will install the divied team that V downloaded.
That is the best thing.
OK and then we will be moving forward so stadium guys and Buh-Bye.